README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Algorithms

This repository contains several Python scripts which were made for my machine learning class. The basic requirement for all of the scripts (except the project) is that we were not allowed to use any machine learning libraries or numpy, which meant that we had to code the algorithms from scratch. This helped me learn more about the algorithms on an in depth level, versus those who simply begin with sklearn. I initialize this repository with the submissions I made during the class, but I will gradually update these to make the code cleaner, and possibly include numpy and other libraries to make this more space efficient. (Numpy arrays can save some memory using types like int32 or int64 versus Python which has overhead for mixed typing.)

## TODO
- [ ] Initialize repo with data sets and submissions made for the class.
- [ ] Clean code.
- [ ] Update code with Numpy.

## Source

* [Course Website] https://web.njit.edu/~usman/courses/cs675_fall18/index.html - CS 675 Fall 2018

Commit message:

9-9-19 - Updated README with Academic Warnings

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Algorithms

This repository contains several Python scripts which were made for my machine learning class. The basic requirement for all of the scripts (except the project) is that we were not allowed to use any machine learning libraries or numpy, which meant that we had to code the algorithms from scratch. This helped me learn more about the algorithms on an in depth level, versus those who simply begin with sklearn. I initialize this repository with the submissions I made during the class, but I will gradually update these to make the code cleaner, and possibly include numpy and other libraries to make this more space efficient. (Numpy arrays can save some memory using types like int32 or int64 versus Python which has overhead for mixed typing.)

## TODO
- [x] Initialize repo with data sets and submissions made for the class.
- [ ] Clean code.
- [ ] Update code with Numpy.

## Source

* [Course Website] https://web.njit.edu/~usman/courses/cs675_fall18/index.html - CS 675 Fall 2018 

# Academic Warnings

WARNING: I am aware that this presents some descrepancy because this could lead to academic dishonesty. My sole purpose for uploading these is so that potential employers and recruiters can view the type of work I have used.

NOTE: I DO NOT CONDONE COPYING THESE SOLUTIONS FOR HOMEWORK SOLUTIONS.

# NJIT Academic Policy
Attached is a link to NJIT's Academic Policy:
Academic Integrity is the cornerstone of higher education and is central to the ideals of this course and the university. Cheating is strictly prohibited and devalues the degree that you are working on. As a member of the NJIT community, it is your responsibility to protect your educational investment by knowing and following the academic code of integrity policy that is found at: http://www5.njit.edu/policies/sites/policies/files/academic-integrity-code.pdf.

By copying these solutions, you directly violate the Academic Integrity. Any student found in violation of the code by cheating, plagiarizing or using any online software inappropriately will result in disciplinary action. This may include a failing grade of F, and/or suspension or dismissal from the university. If you have any questions about the code of Academic Integrity, please contact the Dean of Students Office at dos@njit.edu
